# Polychromatic-Sets-Theory
Route Planning Algorithm Based on Polychromatic Sets Theory
This work is based on our paper: A Dynamic and Scalable User-centric Route Planning Algorithm Based on Polychromatic Sets Theory
Abstract:
Existing navigation services provide route options based on a single metric, such as the shortest path or the shortest time; however, user's preference is not considered. This results in the planned route not meeting the actual needs of users. In this paper, a personalized route planning algorithm is proposed, which can provide users with al route that meets their requirements. 
Based on the multiple properties of the road, the Polychromatic Sets (PS) theory is first introduced into route planning. Firstly, we designed a road properties representation scheme based on the PS theory. By this scheme, users' travel preferences can be quantified into using multiple road properties, and then personalized road property group can be constructed according to these properties. Then, the idea of setting priority for road segments was utilized. Based on user’s travel preferences, all the combination schemes of property categories in the property group can be prioritized, so that all the road segments have their own priority under the current travel plan. Finally, based on the priority division of different road segments, an efficient path planning scheme was proposed, in which priority is given to the high-priority road segments in the target direction as a planned route.
In addition, the system can constantly obtain real-time road information through mobile terminals, update road properties, and provide other users with more accurate road information and navigation services, so as to avoid crowded road segments without excessively increasing time consumption. Experiment results show that our algorithm can realize personalized route planning services without significantly increasing the travel time and distance.
